start slicing sirloin steak into strips
then simply marinate in soy sauce the
salty and runny honey the sweet and
leave up to 2 hours then thread your
marinated beef strips onto skewers and
pan fry in hot olive oil for the topping
which add the lovely sour contrasts
break carrot and simply lead to pickle
in rice vinegar
next make the easy dressing simply
decedent chop a Chile and castor sugar
and lime juice add a glug of fish sauce
sliced up forget when lovely and brown
the marinated steak skewers are done
remove and add top with the pickled
carrot add cool sliced cucumber drizzle
over the spicy dressing and to finish it
off add coriander leaves
it's simple to make but complex in
flavor absolutely delicious
take your knife keep it nice and flat on
the board and sort of slice it in half
okay sort of scholar that's a rolling
boil the secret there it stops the pass
from sticking together and it gently
rolls it around